<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	template="./layout/basicLayout.xhtml">


	<ui:define name="content">
		<br />

		<div class="content">
			<div class="boxs">
				<div class="wrap">
					<div class="section group">
						<div class="grid_1_of_3 images_1_of_3">
							<h4>WELCOME!</h4>
							<p style="text-align: justify;">The Medical Career
								Advising Network (MCAN) is a new innovative idea to provide
								much need medical career advising to applicants from all around
								the world. The idea is to provide a link between medical
								students and graduates interested to purse a specific career
								with those that have more experience in that career. In addition
								to providing very valuable affordable networking experience for
								young physicians, our goal is to provide funding for non -profit
								organizations involved in medical education and training in
								developing countries. One of the organizations we will be
								funding is EAMTAR, which has been providing much needed medical
								career guidance to medical students and graduates from Egypt and
								the world.</p>
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
			<div class="content-top-grids">
				<div class="wrap">
					<div class="content-top-grid">
						<div class="content-top-grid-header">
							<div class="content-top-grid-title">
								<h3>How it works</h3>
							</div>
							<div class="clear"></div>
						</div>
						<p>Medical students , graduates and practicing physicians from
							all over the world will create accounts on MCAN, which will have
							a brief biography about them including their skill set that they
							can give advice on. These skills can include anything you think
							can help another...</p>
						<a class="grid-button" href="/howitworks.xhtml">Read More</a>
						<div class="clear"></div>
					</div>
					<div class="content-top-grid" style="margin-left:2%;margin-right:2%;">
						<div class="content-top-grid-header">
							<div class="content-top-grid-title">
								<h3>Get Started</h3>
							</div>
							<div class="clear"></div>
						</div>
						<p>To start using our service you have to create a profile.
							Once you create your profile, you can then give or receive career
							guidance. Here are steps on how to start. Create a user profile
							by clicking on Sign up Start adding your profile information
							including the following...</p>
						<a class="grid-button" href="/getstarted.xhtml">Read More</a>
						<div class="clear"></div>
					</div>
					<div class="content-top-grid">
						<div class="content-top-grid-header">
							<div class="content-top-grid-title">
								<h3>Our Vision</h3>
							</div>
							<div class="clear"></div>
						</div>
						<p>We envision a future where medical career guidance is
							available to medical students, graduates and physicians all
							around the world. We aim to provide a venue for physicians to
							share their experience with others in desperate need for
							guidance. We also aim...</p>
						<a class="grid-button" href="/ourvision.xhtml">Read More</a>
						<div class="clear"></div>
					</div>
					<div class="clear"></div>
				</div>
			</div>
			<div class="clear"></div>
		</div>
		<br />
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>